Date: 1.16.25 - Subject: Starting Out. Here I start a journal where I will be going over what I did and learned this semester. 
It's going to be great!


Date: 1.17.25 - Subject: Discrete Math. Alright, so I have been working on my discrete mathematics homework today trying to figure Out
combinations and permutations. It's easy so far, because after all, I did use both of these a ton when I was in Probability and Statistics.
However, Professor Stander has stated that next time we meet in class, we will go over permutations and combinations that allow for repeats to
happen, which he mentioned would be a lot harder. I can't remember if we used combinations and permutations where repeats were allowed in
stats, but hopefully it comes to me fast. Maybe when we start on the topic it will occur to me wether or not I have used it before.

Date: 1.21.25 - Subject: Ideas. Today during class we came up with some ideas for a project that we are going to do throughout the semester.
We each gave an idea based on a "What if..." question, and then organized those ideas into Categories based on if it was a feature or an app idea. We then choose one idea for an app and 5-8 ideas for features. We are going to be doing a Music Social Media app, but have agreed that we will expand it to other things as soon as we get the music portion of it done. We want it to be highly secured, and so we plan on adding lots of design that have to do with encryption and what not. We also want it to stand out from other social media platforms, and we decided the way we are going to do this is through personalization. Users will be able to personalize their feed, page, and tab bar to fit their very needs and what they want to do with it. This is some of the things that we agreed to do in class.

Date: 1.21.25 - Subject: Sensors & Actuators. I would like to share a simple problem that I was trying to do in Sensors in actuators, that I was having trouble setting up until I came to a very basic realization. The Problem states that you are working with a resistance strain guage that has a resistance of 197 ohms, and a resistance change of 4 ohms. You place that in a Wheatstone bridge, where all the other 3 resistances will be 197 ohms. You then find that the maximum guage current is 0.21 A. The question wants you to find the maximum bridge excitation voltage. Instinctively, the first thing I thought to do was use ohms law, since we are given the Resistance of the Guage upfront and are also told what the current it. I use ohms law, which is V = IR to solve it and get 41.37 Volts. As it turns out, that was not correct, and so I did some overthinking, and some research. Throughout my research, I noticed something that I forgot to take into account, and that was the Guage Factor. You see, in addition to the resistance, we were also given the resistance change, which was 4 ohms. That means that we would have to calculate the guage factor using the formual GF = (dR/R)/strain. We can assume the strain to be 0.01, and I think that's because in this scenario, it would approach zero (referring to my knowledge of limits), although I'm not entirely sure why we can assume the strain to be this little (just what I was told). We then calculate the guage factor to be 2.030456853. We then do what we did before, which was use Ohms law to calculate the Voltage which was 41.37 Volts, but then we multiply that by the guage factor we just got, and get a final answer of 81.9 Volts, which as it turns out, that is the correct answer. Just wanted to share what I learned today from doing homeword in another class. 

Date: 1.23.25 - Subject: Flask Assignment. I've just completed the flask assignment. Most of the stuff I already knew (html for the most part) except for flask itself. I've never used flask, and it feels like a networking tool (which that's what it technically is) that you can use to run html code, and a web server. It's pretty cool. That's all.